Outer background color: lightsteelblue
Page header color: 2A09B0
Candidate boxes color: gray
Candidate text background color: yellow

POLITICS linK: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics

Related story link:
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/nevada-entrance-poll-results-gop-electorate-older-angrier-n524586


Republican Primary 2016

Nevada Caucus Results

Donald Trump 
46% 

Marco Rubio 
24% 

Ted Cruz 
21% 


POLITICS Nevada Entrance Poll Results: How Trump Won

February 24 2016 Donald Trump's win in the Nevada GOP caucus Tuesday can only be described as sweeping, according to the results of the NBC News Entrance Poll. 

As in the past three contests, the billionaire real estate mogul performed best among Republican voters who were looking for a candidate who "tells it like it is," receiving 85 percent of their support. 

He also did extremely well among those who want the next president to come from outside the political establishment, getting 70 percent of this group's vote. 

The number of Nevada voters who want an outsider as the next president is significantly higher than it was in Iowa, New Hampshire, or South Carolina. 

While just one in five Silver State Republicans said the most important issue facing the country is immigration, a solid majority of this group (62 percent) backed the man who promised to build an enormous wall across the Mexican border. Trump took 59 percent of the vote among caucus-goers who wanted a candidate who could bring about change.

While these groups were Trump's most ardent supporters, he won almost every other key segment of the electorate. In fact, Trump was on top among voters whose top issue was the economy (48 percent), terrorism (36 percent) and government spending (37 percent). 

Trump also won, by varying degrees, voters who are politically very conservative (38 percent), somewhat conservative (50 percent) and moderate (55 percent). He won both men and women, voters in every age group over 30 and evangelical voters as well as non-evangelicals. 



Related: 
GOP Electorate in Nevada Is Older, Angrier" 






