Main Article:

HTC Desire Eye aims to ultimate selfie phone

September 16, 2014

Taking pictures of your own gurning face and plastering it over the Internet is unquestionably the best thing you can do with a device that has the entire wealth of human knowledge only a tap away. The front-facing cameras that enable such a noble pursuit on most phones however, tend to be low-resolution and lack the flash from the back of the phone.

This 5.2-inch Android phone separates itself from the rest of the Android world by virtue of its 13-megapixel front-facing camera, which also has a dual LED flash to illuminate your dazzling smile in even the darkest of places. It's the first phone to have such a potent front camera. As part of HTC's more affordable Desire range, the Eye eschews the all-metal design of the flagship One M8, instead opting for a one-piece plastic design. It's actually visually very similar to the Desire 820 HTC launched at IFA earlier this year. HTC has added some new camera features too, to help get a bit more from the front camera. There's a split-screen mode that takes pictures with both sides and shows them side by side, a beautification mode that digitally smoothes your skin.

The Good: It feels like a very sturdy phone that can easily take a few knocks and bumps and I expect it will hide the odd scuff more easily than its metal-clad sibling. 

The Bad: It doesn't have the huge speaker grilles at the top and bottom of the face of the phone like the One M8, but it does still carry the "BoomSound" brand. 

The Bottom Line: Finally, there's a mode that lets you take pictures of your face and a friend's, letting you merge the two together to see what your lovechild would look like. Because true friendships can overcome any kind of weirdness.


Pull quote:

"The Eye is also the first waterproof HTC phone. It can survive in up to 1-metre of water for up to 30 minutes. That means it's safe when you accidentally spill a glass of wine over it."


Product Info:

Price:$399.99 

Memory:16GB 

Processor:Snapdragon